>> Jason Pamental: In the PDF of
these slides, those links are active.
This is really important.
How many people here were aware that the
W3C has all of their support issues, and
discussion on Github?
How many people are Github users?
Right, so that means all of
you can go participate here.
So if you have questions,
that's where the speck is being discussed.
That's where new features are being
fleshed out and worked on.
There's used cases,
there's tests, there's places for
you to say, hey, this is working
in a weird way in this browser.
What am I seeing here?
Am I seeing something that's
a gap in the spec, or
am I seeing something that's
a gap in implementation.
There are people from
every browser team there,
there're people from
every type company there.
People from the W3C, it's really active.
There's great discussion going on.
And this is the point in time where we
actually get to shape how the web works.
So I was fortunate enough, three weeks
after variable fonts were announced,
a guy on the Apple web kit team
sent me a link to a nightly build.
I was showing off variable fonts
in a browser the next day.
So I mean this stuff, it got started
quickly, and it's really been evolving
heavily, I've had plenty of opportunities
to actually sit in on W3C meetings.
Talk to the browser vendors,
talk to the type designers.
This is a very active time, and you have
every bit as much a say in this, as I do.
I'm simply just try things out,
go here, read up on what's going on,
see if there's anything
that is interesting to you,
there are lots of new developments
in how CSS is being implemented.
There's also now a discussion of
how do we handle partial downloads.
So there is this idea of,
it's sort of like font streaming.
Sort of like progressive download or
sort of rehydration, in that,
if you dynamically subset one page, and
you deliver only the characters needed to
render that page, and then, go to another
page, then, it's gonna send a little bit
more to you, and then, a little bit more.
So you don't actually have to
download the whole font at once.
Now, that's actually behind the scenes.
It's already being done in some browser,
with some font services, primarily,
with CGK, or like Japanese, or
Korean, or Chinese language fonts,
because those character sets are so big.
Those fonts might be several megabytes,
so they have to do something like that.
But there are those same companies are now
getting together to work with the W3C
on a way that we could do this for
any webpage,
and if you start to think about those
implications of variable fonts, dynamic
sub-setting, and then, progressively
downloading more and more of it.
There's zero reason why we
wouldn't be using these fonts, and
every reason why we would.
Because we have our voice,
and our brand, and
our experience,
that gets tied up with the content itself.
And those things can then
always travel together,
without fear of negatively
impacting the experience.